DOC add changelogs for 2.3.1 (#216)
silverstripe/cwp: docs/en/05_Releases_and_changelogs/cwp_2.3.1.md

## Overview

> This release includes [silverstripe/hybridsessions:2.1.2](https://github.com/silverstripe/silverstripe-hybridsessions/releases/tag/2.1.2) update.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This release includes the [silverstripe/hybridsessions:2.1.2](https://github.com/silverstripe/silverstripe-hybridsessions/releases/tag/2.1.2) update.
```

> Upgrading to Recipe 2.3.1 is recommended for CWP sites with [Active DR](https://www.cwp.govt.nz/developer-docs/en/2/how_tos/preparing_your_site_for_active_dr), or the ones manually activating `silverstripe/hybridsessions` module. This upgrade can be carried out by any development team familiar with SiliverStripe CMS. However, if you would like SilverStripe's assistance, you can request support via the [Service Desk](https://www.cwp.govt.nz/service-desk/new-request/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Upgrading to CWP 2.3.1 is recommended for CWP sites with [Active DR](https://www.cwp.govt.nz/developer-docs/en/2/how_tos/preparing_your_site_for_active_dr), or ones manually activating the `silverstripe/hybridsessions` module. This upgrade can be carried out by any development team familiar with SilverStripe CMS, however if you would like SilverStripe's assistance, you can request support via the [Service Desk](https://www.cwp.govt.nz/service-desk/new-request/).
```

## Description

> The issue breaks browser based `?flush`, `?isTest` and `dev/` urls, when used with [SilverStripe 4.4](https://docs.silverstripe.org/en/4/changelogs/4.4.0/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The issue breaks browser based `?flush`, `?isTest` and `dev/` urls, when used with [SilverStripe 4.4.0](https://docs.silverstripe.org/en/4/changelogs/4.4.0/).
```

> The fix can be applied to existing CWP environments with existing session data managed in MySQL. It should not cause users from losing session data, or being logged out of the CMS. On the next write to existing sessions, existing session data will automatically be converted to a binary-safe persistence format. New sessions will write in the correct format by default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The fix can be applied to existing CWP environments with existing session data managed in MySQL. It will not cause users to lose session data, or be logged out of the CMS. On subsequent writes to existing sessions, existing session data will automatically be converted to a binary-safe persistence format. New sessions will be persisted in the correct format by default.
```

## Technical details

We identified a binary safety issue in `SilverStripe\HybridSessions\Store\DatabaseStore` that may lose session data when trying to

> persist content different from UTF-8 encoded text.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
persist text that is not UTF-8 encoded.
```

Author: that's not entirely correct. text != content. here I'm implying binary data as well as text encoded with non-utf8 encodings.

Here is an example:

```
$_SESSION['key_a'] = iconv('utf8', 'utf16', 'test');
$_SESSION['key_b'] = "\x80";
```

Both keys in the session above are valid PHP strings, but are not valid UTF-8. Before the fix silverstripe/hybridsessions was not be able to save

> that session to the database.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
that session value to the database.
```
